breaking: consistent special filename patterns (#16382)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/50-server-only-modules.md

## Your modules

You can make a module server-only in two ways:

> - Add a `server` segment to the filename, e.g. `server.js` or `secrets.server.ts`. This works for any file in the project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `server` segment to the filename, e.g. `server.ts` or `secrets.server.ts`. This works for any file in the project directory.
```

Author: This is deliberate, to illustrate that you can use either file extension

> - Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the assets directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.js` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.js`. (In SvelteKit 2, this only applied to the `src/lib` folder.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the assets directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.ts` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.ts`. (In SvelteKit 2, this only applied to the `src/lib` folder.)
```

> - Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the assets directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.js` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.js`. (In SvelteKit 2, this only applied to the `src/lib` folder.)

Reviewer: What is the assets directory, you mean `/static`?

Author: yes

```suggestion
- Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the `static` directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.js` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.js`. (In SvelteKit 2, this only applied to the `src/lib` folder.)
```

> - Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the `static` directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.js` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.js`. (In SvelteKit 2, this only applied to the `src/lib` folder.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Place it in a `server` directory anywhere in your project except inside `src/routes` or the `static` directory, e.g `src/lib/server/config.js` or `src/lib/data/server/user/profile.js`.

> [!LEGACY]
>  In SvelteKit 2, `server` directories were only recognised in the `src/lib` folder.
```

Wonder if we should shove this part into a legacy detail
